https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/anthropic/jobs/5211297008
status 200
final https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/anthropic/jobs/5211297008

Job Application for Staff+ Infrastructure Engineer, Cluster Infrastructure at Anthropic Back to jobs Staff+ Infrastructure Engineer, Cluster Infrastructure London, UK Apply About Anthropic Anthropic’s mission is to create reliable, interpretable, and steerable AI systems. We want AI to be safe and beneficial for our users and for society as a whole. Our team is a quickly growing group of committed researchers, engineers, policy experts, and business leaders working together to build beneficial AI systems. About the role Anthropic's Infrastructure organization is foundational to our mission of developing AI systems that are reliable, interpretable, and steerable. The systems we build determine how quickly we can train new models, how reliably we can run safety experiments, and how effectively we can scale Claude to millions of users — demonstrating that safe, reliable infrastructure and frontier capabilities can go hand in hand. Cluster Infra owns the full lifecycle of compute clusters at Anthropic. We build agent-driven automation for cluster provisioning and lifecycle management across all major cloud providers and our own datacenters. Our systems stand up clusters that are interconnected with high bandwidth, secure-by-default, and able to automatically drain and recover in response to failure. As a Staff engineer on this team, you'll set the technical direction for how Anthropic brings compute online - at a moment when the scale of that compute is growing faster than at almost any company in the world. Key responsibilities Own the technical strategy and roadmap for agent-driven cluster lifecycle management - provisioning, updates and decommissioning Partner across teams to ensure new compute capacity is ingested on time Align with partner teams on physical build-out and leverage cloud solutions to deliver high-bandwidth inter-cluster connectivity Collaborate with security owners to ensure clusters are provisioned secure-by-default Define and drive strategy on cluster scalability, homogeneity and fault tolerance Work closely with cloud providers and internal research, inference and product teams to shape long-term compute, data, and infrastructure strategy Establish and evolve operational-excellence practices: incident response, postmortem culture and on-call health Support the growth of engineers around you through technical mentorship and coaching Minimum qualifications Deep expertise in distributed systems, reliability, and cloud platforms (e.g., Kubernetes, IaC, AWS/GCP/Azure) Strong proficiency in at least one systems language (e.g., Rust, Go, or Python), IaC proficiency with Terraform. Track record of leading complex, multi-quarter technical initiatives spanning multiple teams or systems Ability to build alignment across senior stakeholders and communicate effectively at all levels Preferred qualifications 10+ years of software engineering experience, including time as a technical lead setting direction for a team Experience operating large-scale compute infrastructure at hyperscale (100+ clusters, 10K+ nodes) Depth in one or more of: Kubernetes internals, cluster provisioning and management systems, cluster orchestration systems (Mesos, Borg-like) Experience with cloud networking: VPC design and peering, Shared VPC/Transit Gateway, Cloud Interconnect/Direct Connect, Cloud NAT, cross-cloud private connectivity, BGP and route control, edge load balancing and DDoS mitigation (Cloud Armor / AWS Shield) Experience with cluster and host networking: CNI (Cilium), eBPF, NetworkPolicy, multi-NIC, sFlow, service mesh (Istio/Envoy/Linkerd, mTLS) Experience with cluster security: pod security standards and admission control, RBAC and least-privilege IAM, node and container hardening, supply-chain/image provenance Deep experience with infrastructure-as-code (Terraform, Atlantis), workflow orchestration (Temporal, Argo Workflows) Skill in quickly understanding systems design tradeoffs and keeping track of rapidly evolving software systems The annual compensation range for this role is listed below. For sales roles, the range provided is the role’s On Target Earnings ("OTE") range, meaning that the range includes both the sales commissions/sales bonuses target and annual base salary for the role. Annual Salary: £325,000 - £485,000 GBP Logistics Minimum education: Bachelor’s degree or an equivalent combination of education, training, and/or experience Required field of study: A field relevant to the role as demonstrated through coursework, training, or professional experience Minimum years of experience: Years of experience required will correlate with the internal job level requirements for the position Location-based hybrid policy: Currently, we expect all staff to be in one of our offices at least 25% of the time. However, some roles may require more time in our offices. Visa sponsorship: We do sponsor visas! However, we aren't able to successfully sponsor visas for every role and every candidate. But if we make you an offer, we will make every reasonable effort to get you a visa, and we retain an immigration lawyer to help with this. We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification. Not all strong candidates will meet every single qualification as listed. Research shows that people who identify as being from underrepresented groups are more prone to experiencing imposter syndrome and doubting the strength of their candidacy, so we urge you not to exclude yourself prematurely and to submit an application if you're interested in this work. We think AI systems like the ones we're building have enormous social and ethical implications. We think this makes representation even more important, and we strive to include a range of diverse perspectives on our team. Your safety matters to us. To protect yourself from potential scams, remember that Anthropic recruiters only contact you from @anthropic.com email addresses. In some cases, we may partner with vetted recruiting agencies who will identify themselves as working on behalf of Anthropic. Be cautious of emails from other domains. Legitimate Anthropic recruiters will never ask for money, fees, or banking information before your first day. If you're ever unsure about a communication, don't click any links—visit anthropic.com/careers directly for confirmed position openings. How we're different We believe that the highest-impact AI research will be big science. At Anthropic we work as a single cohesive team on just a few large-scale research efforts. And we value impact — advancing our long-term goals of steerable, trustworthy AI — rather than work on smaller and more specific puzzles. We view AI research as an empirical science, which has as much in common with physics and biology as with traditional efforts in computer science. We're an extremely collaborative group, and we host frequent research discussions to ensure that we are pursuing the highest-impact work at any given time. As such, we greatly value communication skills. The easiest way to understand our research directions is to read our recent research. This research continues many of the directions our team worked on prior to Anthropic, including: GPT-3, Circuit-Based Interpretability, Multimodal Neurons, Scaling Laws, AI & Compute, Concrete Problems in AI Safety, and Learning from Human Preferences. Come work with us! Anthropic is a public benefit corporation headquartered in San Francisco. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, optional equity donation matching, generous vacation and parental leave, flexible working hours, and a lovely office space in which to collaborate with colleagues. Guidance on Candidates' AI Usage: Learn about our policy for using AI in our application process. Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at Anthropic? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Preferred First Name Email * Phone Country Phone Resume/CV Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf (Optional) Personal Preferences How do you pronounce your name? Website Are you open to working in-person in one of our offices 25% of the time? * Select... When is the earliest you would want to start working with us? Do you have any deadlines or timeline considerations we should be aware of? AI Policy for Application * Select... We believe that AI will have a transformative impact on the world, and we're seeking exceptional candidates who collaborate thoughtfully with Claude to realize this vision. At the same time, we want to understand your unique skills, expertise, and perspective through our hiring process. We invite you to review our AI partnership guidelines for candidates and confirm your understanding by selecting "Yes." Why Anthropic? * Why do you want to work at Anthropic? (We value this response highly - great answers are often 200-400 words.) Do you require visa sponsorship? * Select... Will you now or will you in the future require employment visa sponsorship to work in the country in which the job you&#x27;re applying for is located? * Select... Additional Information Add a cover letter or anything else you want to share. LinkedIn Profile Please ensure to provide either your LinkedIn profile or Resume, we require at least one of the two. Are you open to relocation for this role? * Select... What is the address from which you plan on working? If you would need to relocate, please type "relocating". Have you ever interviewed at Anthropic before? * Select... How many years of professional Software Engineering experience (not including internships) do you have? * Select... Submit application Powered by
