https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/vercel/jobs/5818258004
status 200
final https://job-boards.greenhouse.io/vercel/jobs/5818258004

Job Application for Senior Customer Support Engineer at Vercel Back to jobs Senior Customer Support Engineer Remote - United Kingdom, Germany Apply About Vercel: Vercel is the agentic infrastructure company. We free people and agents to ship what’s next. For more than a decade, Vercel has shaped how the web is built. As the team behind Next.js, v0, and AI SDK, we create products that help builders move from idea to production with speed, security, and exceptional developer experience. Now, software is entering a new era, and the next generation of products will not just be used by people. They will be built, extended, and operated by agents. We are building the platform for that future, trusted by companies like OpenAI, PayPal, Ramp, Supreme, and millions of developers worldwide . Whether you’re building our products, supporting our customers, growing our community, or shaping our story, you’ll help define what comes next. About the Role Reporting to the Manager, Customer Support Engineering, you’ll resolve customer concerns, create and improve internal tooling, and engineer solutions that help Vercel customers get the most out of the platform. We’re seeking a deeply technical engineer with relevant support experience who can specialize in multiple core domains while partnering across teams to drive great outcomes. You’re an excellent communicator who earns customer trust, understands complex systems quickly, and enjoys digging deep to find and resolve root causes. You’re comfortable participating in an occasional weekend or holiday on-call rotation (scheduled in advance) as part of our global coverage model. If you’re based within a pre-determined commuting distance of one of our offices (SF, NY, London, or Berlin), the role includes in-office anchor days on Monday, Tuesday, and Friday. If you’re located beyond that distance, the role is fully remote. For location-specific details, please connect with our recruiting team. What You Will Do Solve interesting, technically complex cases for Vercel customers. Troubleshoot issues alongside Engineering; identify and drive fixes and mitigations. Partner with Product, Solutions, and Customer Success to provide guidance internally and externally. Develop and improve internal tools and scripts that increase team efficiency. Specialize in a given product area ( v0 ) and act as a domain owner within the team. Improve existing documentation and create new runbooks, guides, and internal processes. Assist Customer Success Managers with Enterprise requests and escalations. About You You lead by example and provide feedback to mentor other members of the team. You have hands-on experience using Vercel and v0 as a platform. You have modern development and architecture experience in the AI or web space (e.g., building LLM-powered apps, web services, or production web applications) and can explain these concepts to others. You have prior customer support experience in a technical role: troubleshooting customer cases, writing clear solutions, and proactively problem-solving. You enjoy engineering solutions to resolve root causes of recurring problems. You have strong written and verbal communication; able to explain complex systems clearly. You are comfortable working with a fully remote, globally distributed team. You have a passion for delivering a customer experience second to none. You are willing to participate in a weekend/holiday on-call rotation. Bonus If You: Have frontend development experience (e.g., React/Next.js). Enjoy technical writing for public docs or developer education. Have experience automating workflows with agentic services. Create a Job Alert Interested in building your career at Vercel? Get future opportunities sent straight to your email. Create alert Apply for this job * indicates a required field First Name * Last Name * Email * Phone Country * Phone * Resume/CV Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Cover Letter Attach Attach Dropbox Google Drive Enter manually Enter manually Accepted file types: pdf, doc, docx, txt, rtf Are you currently based in any of these countries? Please note these are the only countries where we are accepting applications * Select... Will you require Visa Sponsorship now, or in the future? * Select... Please mark ' YES ' if you will require Visa Sponsorship now, or in the future. Mark ' NO ' if you will NOT require Visa Sponsorship now, or in the future. Your authorization to work in the country where you live. Please choose the option that describes your work authorization. * Select... LinkedIn Profile Twitter Github Website By submitting my application, I acknowledge that I have read and understand Vercel’s Job Applicant Privacy Notice - https://vercel.com/legal/job-applicant-privacy-notice * Select... By submitting my application, I acknowledge that I have read and understand Vercel's Job Applicant Privacy Notice . Please double-check all the information provided above. Ensuring accuracy is crucial, as any errors or omissions may impact the review of your application. * Select... Where did you first hear about this role? * Select... If multiple things played a part, tell us about the very first one. Submit application Powered by
